README.md, before:

## Table of Contents
* [About the project](#about-the-project)
  * [Built With](#built-with)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Roadmap](#roadmap)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)


## About the project
The entire Rummen catchment.
This is an automatically generated documentation based on the available scenario metadata. The current version of this 
document is from 2022-01-12.

### Built with
The scenario can be used in the following Landscape Models:
* xAquaticRisk version 2.67 and higher


## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
Make sure you use the latest version of the Landscape Model.

### Installation
Copy the complete scenario folder unaltered into the `scenario` subdirectory of your model. Reference the scenario
from the model parameterization. For details how to reference the scenario from the user parameterization, see the 
`README` of the model.


## Usage
The scenario adds the following macros to the Landscape Model:
* `:LandscapeScenario` (version 1.5)
* `:Temperature` (version 4)
* `:Hydrology` (version 0.4)
* `:Catchment` (version 1)
* `:TimeSeries` (version 1)
* `:Map` (version 2.0.1)
* `:SiteInformation` (version 2.0.10)
* `:SpeciesParameters` (version 2.0.19)
* `:WaterTemperature` (version 2.0.10)
* `:Biomass` (version 2.0.19)

### Roadmap
The scenario is final and not further developed. It will be, however, updated to reflect new requirements by the 
Landscape Model core and individual Landscape Model variants.


## Contributing
Contributions are welcome. Please contact the authors (see [Contact](#contact)) and see the `CONTRIBUTING` document.


## License
Distributed under the CC0 License. See `LICENSE` for more information.


## Contact


## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Added link to outsourced hydrology to README.md; Fixed changelog in scenario.xproject

README.md, after:

## Table of Contents
* [About the project](#about-the-project)
  * [Built With](#built-with)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Roadmap](#roadmap)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)


## About the project
The entire Rummen catchment.
This is an automatically generated documentation based on the available scenario metadata. The current version of this 
document is from 2023-03-11.

### Built with
The scenario can be used in the following Landscape Models:
* xAquaticRisk version 2.67 and higher


## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
Make sure you use the latest version of the Landscape Model.

### Installation
Copy the complete scenario folder unaltered into the `scenario` subdirectory of your model. Reference the scenario
from the model parameterization. For details how to reference the scenario from the user parameterization, see the 
`README` of the model.

**This scenario requires an additional resource. Please download the resource from [https://xlandscape.org/releases/Scenario-Rummen-hydro-v0.4.zip](https://xlandscape.org/releases/Scenario-Rummen-hydro-v0.4.zip) and 
put it into the scenario folder.**

## Usage
The scenario adds the following macros to the Landscape Model:
* `:LandscapeScenario` (version 1.5)
* `:Temperature` (version 4)
* `:Hydrology` (version 0.4)
* `:Catchment` (version 1)
* `:TimeSeries` (version 1)
* `:Map` (version 2.0.1)
* `:SiteInformation` (version 2.0.10)
* `:SpeciesParameters` (version 2.0.19)
* `:WaterTemperature` (version 2.0.10)
* `:Biomass` (version 2.0.19)

### Roadmap
The scenario is final and not further developed. It will be, however, updated to reflect new requirements by the 
Landscape Model core and individual Landscape Model variants.


## Contributing
Contributions are welcome. Please contact the authors (see [Contact](#contact)) and see the `CONTRIBUTING` document.


## License
Distributed under the CC0 License. See `LICENSE` for more information.


## Contact


## Acknowledgements
